Cleanup tests (#32)
opprop/universe: src/test/java/typecheck/README.md

> The universe_inference_checker sub-directory has test case drivers that call the checker-framework-inference methods for type checking, while the test case drivers in universe_checker sub-directory use the methods directly from checker-framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains test drivers for the two type checkers:
- sub-directory `universe_checker` uses the Checker Framework based checker
- sub-directory `universe_inference_checker` uses the Checker Framework Inference based checker.

The test drivers in the two directories execute on the same test files and ensure consistent behavior.
All additions and modifications should be performed to both test drivers.
```
